everyone okay so here is the Ben Nye
Armas Cara's they're all in a totally
different color i've swatched each of
them so you've got bright colors here as
well as your blanks and your neutrals
now if I just open one of these mascara
is up you'll see the wand and you can
see that this one is quite evenly spaced
out what this does is it gives the lunch
a very feathery effect these are sort of
non smudge mascaras they are not
completely waterproof but they
absolutely do stay put if you're going
to rub your eyes and of course they're
going to come off but this color
selection is really quite good so what
I'll do is I'll show you the swatches on
the back of my hand and these really do
give a feathery lash and these sort of
lighter brown colors here would be
accent on men as well as very very fair
people who want to just very lightly
sort of tinder eyelashes okay so here's
the colours of them we've got electric
blue which is the first one we've got
black we then have Bahama blue we have
dark brown we have all bejing which is
this one here oh there you go we have
royal purple we have talked and lastly
we have Albin these also work really
great particularly these kind of colors
here as eyebrow color as well so because
this much briefly really are going to
stay and these are very sheerly applied
so you can apply around about six layers
if you want without any clumping which
is a really cool thing actually I really
like these I'm kind of funny about
mascaras but these are quite nice just
because of the sheer volume of them and
the effect they have so you might want
to check them out there you go thanks
for watching bye bye